Many people think that positive thinking is mostly about keeping one's head in the sand and ignoring daily problems, trying to look optimistic. In reality it has more to do with the way an individual talks to himself. Self-talk is a constant stream of thoughts of a person, who is often unaware and uncertain of some events, phenomena, people, or even the person himself. B. Negative self-talk damages self-confidence and decreases self-respect. Meanwhile, positive thinking can help to stop negative self-talks and start to form a positive view on an issue. People who regularly practise positive thinking tend to solve problems more effectively. They are less exposed to stress caused by external factors. They tend to believe in themselves and in what they do.

D. Positive thinking has several beneficial effects on the body and the mind. People who think positively demonstrate increased life spans (寿命), lower rates of depression and anxiety, better physical and psychological health, reduced risks of death from heart problems. Positive thinking also contributes to one's ability to deal with problems and hardships. C. It helps one to remain clear-headed and confident in difficult situations. For example, researchers have found that in the case of a crisis accompanied by strong emotions, such as a natural disaster, positive thinking can provide a sort of buffer (缓冲作用) against depression and anxiety. Resilient (适应性强的) people who think positively tend to treat every problem as a challenge, a chance for improvement of any kind, or as an opportunity for personal growth. Pessimists, on the contrary, tend to perceive problems as a source of additional stress. G. They often feel discouraged long before trying to solve the problem, even if small.

In conclusion, positive thinking is a powerful and effective tool for dealing with hard times and improving the quality of one's life. It doesn't have anything to do with ignorant optimism when an individual refuses to notice a problem. A. It doesn't cause any severe emotional discomfort, either.

Thinking in a positive, self-encouraging way brings about many benefits to one's physical and mental health.